---
title: 'Recording Studio Space For Rent'
image: '/services/noun_591323.png'
description: recording studio space for rent, cheap recording studios.
tags: [studio,recording,rap,cheap,rent]
---
Designed to be an alternative to your own home recording studio

## Studio C

$30 / Hour - Rent out the room and equipment to do your own recording or beat production. 

**_Engineer And Computer Not Included_**

Whats Included:
- Studio Desk with TV and Studio Monitors
- Vocal Booth Area with Condencer Microphones
- Clarett 8 Pre USB - Audio Interface
- MIDI Keyboards and Synthesizers
- Electronic Drum Kit and Other Instruments to Make Beats
- Private Acoustically Treated Room

<a href="{{site.baseurl}}/contact">Contact Zack in Studio A</a> before booking to lock in desiered date and time.

<div style="overflow: auto;">
  <a target="_blank" href="https://checkout.square.site/buy/ONTA6ABV475VPA7B4JGXLCA5?src=embed" style="
    display: inline-block;
    font-family: Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    font-size: 18px;
    line-height: 38px;
    height: 40px;
    padding-left: 48px;
    padding-right: 48px;
    color: #ffffff;
    min-width: 165px;
    background-color: #000000;
    border-radius: 4px;
    text-align: center;
    box-shadow: 0 0 0 1px rgba(0,0,0,.1) inset;
  ">Book Studio C</a>
</div>

- - -

This space is designed to be a cheaper option for those on a budget or who may not be able to record at their own home studio. Music studio space for rent near me.

- - -

## Studio Space For Rent FAQ

**Who is this space for?**

We designed this space for all-in-one artists who want to record themselves or beat producers who need an acoustically treated space to work when their home studio just doesn't make the cut for whatever reason.

**What studio equipment will we have access to?**

There will always be 2 speakers, an audio interface, and a microphone there for use. Sometiems we do swap out equipment between studios but you can always ask if you have a favorite piece of gear. If you are a producer and need instruments, synths, or drum pads, just ask and we can have them ready for your studio session

**Will people be walking in and out of the room while im working?**

No, this is a private room with its own enterance and bathroom. The only time someone will walk in is if you request help or theres some kind of emergency.